okay so at least I'm gonna do this video
in sections all right let's go power
with it let's go switch widget fine down
here I've got a nice little dock that's
nice to it now able to keep everything
so much closer empty screens let's see
you go this way I come out go weather
widget alright that's nice right there
that's my local weather just so I can
get all my local stories and everything
so go read it does work that's just my
stories I got everything here in my
father's I gotta get all of this stuff
here you want to see let's see let's get
out of here games do that right there
got all those games in one folder on the
prevail it's going to brightness back up
a little bit here there we go oh yeah
everything media everything I got in
here me own all this stuff right here
all media applications pretty large
applications see applications all large
applications let's just say we go into
settings no phone settings sorry about
that I like my slide up action to right
there i can pick any window i want
settings applications manage
applications
all applications look at all these
applications on the prevail holy bejesus
oh wow okay